you're like young and in the game
something about the young basketball
players that you see coming out yeah
that you know you feel can make a bigger
impact as they keep going to believe it
people give I mean LeBron of course mr.
Jordan comparisons or the next but I
really feel like Kevin Durant is is a
true contender for like the next
something Kevin Durant
I like their growth Chris Paul of course
and of course also democracy was here I
felt like the said it was
I'm always cool Vince Carter United
States
yeah let's know fact you know beyond it
one of my favorite rappers that you know
just you know real is to I think taking
the rap scene to somewhere else
I don't sound like everybody else and
everything you know I'm really like that
you know and I think that any big you're
doing a very left
yeah so what what misconception would
you guys like to squash up all young
people get it into their game you young
getting into the rap game you don't get
into the basketball arena I think I
think you would think there's II I think
I feel like you get that like when they
see at least on my sire as a rapper like
they feel like you know just because
they just heard him they might think
it's overnight it was like there wasn't
plan for a long time but like you didn't
put in the groundwork and I'm sure it's
the same way you know especially on the
basketball side me and my friend side
like this all the time I thought I was
doing enough
in the front yard and play high school
ball but not you exactly exactly the
same thing you know I think a lot of
people think you know just going in the
gym for 20 minutes just shooting shots
you know we're gonna get you there you
know it's a lot more to it you know you
got to go through the ups and down
putting in the hard work at times when
you don't feel like it's millions of
kids I want to play basketball that's
and maybe the people I want to rat you
know I mean it takes that next step to
separate yourself to be at the next
level of what rapper would you like to
hear call your name out in a song I'd
say you can't can't go wrong with Jay
right now go Jay everything he did with
all out as he came out don't even listen
him went out I was a kid you know and
still listen to me I think we would he
put herself at in the game you just
can't you can't beat that with
basketball player would you throw in one
of your rods I would be equivalent to
the strength in your music I always
started this is where I will be I wanna
be humble our shot go in and if I do the
basketball represents I just try to
throw into the drive misty with your
rhyming skills we witnessed some of your
free styles and understanding we've got
on tape and whatnot
how would you think your rhyming skills
would compare to your to your basketball
level is it on the band
that's the gopis father body did you say
that you're your basketball skills in
your graph skill is fine you're not
equal down play I got it man
I still got my dream I are still holding
on to my if I just yeah that's just
diversity and it is smooth you know me
can't go wrong would you compare to we
don't have the amount of revenue both
you guys are coming out and making this
you